docs/configuration.md, before:

Configuration
-------------

The following configurations are available for users.

### Configuration properties:

| Name | Description | Required? | Default |
|------|-------------|-----------|---------|
| aws.s3_library_bucket | S3 Bucket to upload/download AEM OpenCloud libraries. | Required | `aem-opencloud` |
| aws.s3_library_path | S3 Path to the location of the AEM OpenCloud libraries.. | Required | `jenkins/library` |
| jenkins.url | FQDN of the Jenkins server | Required | `localhost` |
| jenkins.port | Port of the Jenkins server | Required | `8080` |
| jenkins.username | Jenkins username to create jobs. | Required | `jadmin` |
| jenkins.password | Jenkins user password. | Required | `jadmin` |
| opencloud.config_archive_url | URL to the location of the OpenCloud configuration archive | Optional | `https://github.com/shinesolutions/aem-helloworld-config/archive/master.tar.gz` |
| opencloud.manager.repo_url | URL to the AEM OpenCloud Manager repository | Optional | `https://github.com/shinesolutions/aem-opencloud-manager` |
| opencloud.manager.branch | Branch name of the AEM OpenCloud Manager repository | Optional | `master` |

Commit message:

Rename config properties for consistency with other repos.

docs/configuration.md, after:

Configuration
-------------

The following configurations are available for users to customise:

| Name | Description | Required? | Default |
|------|-------------|-----------|---------|
| aws.library.s3_bucket | S3 Bucket to upload/download AEM OpenCloud libraries to/from | Mandatory | |
| aws.library.s3_path | S3 Path to the location of the AEM OpenCloud library artifacts | Optional | `library` |
| aem_opencloud.config.artifact_url | URL to the location of the AEM OpenCloud configuration artifact | Optional | |
| aem_opencloud.manager.repo_url | URL to the AEM OpenCloud Manager repository | Mandatory | |
| aem_opencloud.manager.repo_branch | Branch name of the AEM OpenCloud Manager repository | Optional | `master` |
| jenkins.protocol | Either `http` or `https`. | Optional | `http` |
| jenkins.host | FQDN of the Jenkins server | Optional | `localhost` |
| jenkins.port | Port of the Jenkins server | Optional | `8080` |
| jenkins.username | Jenkins username to create jobs. | Mandatory | |
| jenkins.password | Jenkins user password. | Mandatory | |
